ts: export all IDL types from main entry point (#3948)
otter-sec/anchor: CHANGELOG.md

- cli: Replace `anchor verify` to use `solana-verify` under the hood, adding automatic installation via AVM, local path support, and future-proof argument passing ([#3768](https://github.com/solana-foundation/anchor/pull/3768)).
- lang: Replace `solana-program` crate with smaller crates ([#3819](https://github.com/solana-foundation/anchor/pull/3819)).
- cli: Make `anchor deploy` to upload the IDL to the cluster by default unless `--no-idl` is passed ([#3863](https://github.com/solana-foundation/anchor/pull/3863)).

> - ts: Export IDL types from the root. Users can now update `dist/cjs/idl` imports to import directly from `@coral-xyz/anchor` ([#3948](https://github.com/solana-foundation/anchor/pull/3948)).

Reviewer: Small issue: we've recently moved to a new org and the new package name is `@anchor-lang/core` (https://github.com/solana-foundation/anchor/pull/4141)

```suggestion
- ts: Export IDL types from the root. Users can now update `dist/cjs/idl` imports to import directly from `@anchor-lang/core` ([#3948](https://github.com/solana-foundation/anchor/pull/3948)).
```

Reviewer: I was about to approve this, but then I realized the entry was added to a previous version (not even the last version) after the last merge commit.
